Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Looks like massive head trauma.
She's bleeding bad. I'm going in, man.
Lacerations. The neck, the head, the arms.
Alright.
- No, stay there.
- Hand me that.
- I can't go any further.
There we go.
Toby, we've got a problem.
- Yeah, don't tell me you're stuck.
Okay then. I won't mention it.
You're kidding, right?
It's over. They're stuck.
Copy that, stand down.
Brilliant.
Absolutely brilliant.
So you're an actress?
So you boys could use a hand?
- Alright, so it's not our finest hour, my friend.
-At least nobody died, that's something.
Well, the day is not over yet.
You know, if we don't pass evaluations,
we could get de-certified.
We'll be fine.
We lose certification, we'll be down to low
priority transport. You know what that means.
Yeah, we're taxi drivers.
No, we're taxi drivers with a speed limit.
I can't do the speed limits.
You can't.
Alright, that's it. Double check the rig.
We cannot afford to fail inspections.
You're right, you're right.
I know I'm the one that got us stuck in here,
but you wanna help me out here...
Or what?
Season 01 Episode 02
"Emotional Rescue"
*Subs by Maiden*
What's going on?
- Relax. You're okay, you're in an ambulance.
What happened?
-Your apartment blew up.
What's your name?
-Vince.
Vince, my name is Toby. My partner's
the best driver in the city.
We'll get you to the hospital in ten minutes.
Okay, make that five!
Oh, man, I don't believe this.
It's not as bad as it looks.
No man, you cut my favorite shirt.
Alright, I'll get you a new
one man, I promise.
We've got a heart rate of 130.
BP 80 systolic.
Reduced breath on the left side.
We've got burns and lacerations
on the head, chest, arms.
Hold up.
What's the word?
Fire's got it under control. How many vics?
Ah, just a couple. He's the worst
of them. It's his place that blew up.
Let's get him to Trauma 1 now. Fawcett, watch the ***.
Toby, you're bleeding.
Let me take care of that.
What did you do?
-It's nothing, I just...
I was near the building when it blew.
How did you manage that anyway?
We were like a block away from evaluation.
I don't know, I just saw the smoke.
-Saw smoke? What are you talking about?
-Oz, don't you know by now? Just don't ask.
Never get a straight answer.
Dr. Fawcett, you're wanted in Trauma 3.
Don't go anywhere, okay?
I'll stitch you up in a minute.
You really gotta get over your Olivia thing.
Oh, thank you. Olivia and I are good.
Really? 'Cause you're all broken up and done...
And still the ER is thick with
moody looks and innuendo.
I'm not saying I understand innuendo,
I'm just aware that it exists.
Alright, well sorry for ruining the tranquility
of your Emergency Room experience.
Hey, either move in or move on.
This in between thing is like a bad haircut.
Something you'd know a
thing or two about, right?
You should come out with me, start
looking around. I could be your wingman.
You mean I could be your wingman?
- It works both ways.
That'd be nice.
You know, my uncle always says the best way to get over
your troubles is to go out and find some new kind of trouble.
That's probably why all my cousins have done time.
You're gonna get that thing looked at
before you start bleeding all over?
Come here, look at this.
Hold still, so I can make it straight.
So, there's a good story to go with this?
A collapsed roof, maybe a little axe wielding action?
Would that work?
- What?
Making a good impression.
The truth always makes the best impression.
Well, in that case, I got my arm jammed in
the hose rigging when we were pulling out.
Actually, maybe a little axe wielding
action would've been better.
Hey, it's better than a paper cut on the
site of a calendar shoot or anything.
- You're not...
September.
Hey, it's for charity.
Hey, Liv.
Sorry, I didn't know you were with a patient.
No it's okay. This is Toby Logan. And Tom...
Crawford. Yeah, we met this morning.
Yeah, I was doing standby at the evals. Great fun.
Okay, Liv. I thought maybe you could sew me up.
Right.
- I'll come back later.
No, no, no. That's okay, Toby. You always wait too
long with these things and then it just never right.
You're gonna live?
Uh, it's touch and go.
I heard you were one of the
first responders to today’s fire.
We were training nearby.
We were all there pretty quick.
Uh, Detective Marks.
- Yes?
I have the last of the victims statements from the fire.
I'm gonna head over to Mercy General
and follow up on that bus crash.
Toby Logan, this is Kyle Elson
from Victim Resources.
Oh hey, you're the guy that got stuck in the car.
Yeah, they had to get a fireman to cut him out.
No, that wasn't me.
Though we're all just the same.
I see how you would think that it was me.
Yeah, right, right. Bye.
Anything unusual about this fire?
No, the sad thing is, accidental meth
lab explosions are pretty usual.
You guys sure it's a meth lab?
Yeah, a kid in the building is a well know cooker.
Uh, I gotta wait 'till he wakes up before I
bring him in. A guy by the name of Vince Pirell.
Vince. His last name is Pirell?
- Yeah, why? You know him?
I think he might've told me that when he came in.
Okay, well. If you think of anything
else, you know where to find me.
Alright, yeah.
Hey, rock star.
I'm the medic who brought you in.
Hey man, where do I know you from?
I think we spent a couple of months
together at the Auffrey's.
Toby.
Dude, you were badass.
You kidding me, I still am badass.
Just on the weekends now.
Toby Logan.
Man, I don't believe this.
We should hook up and hang sometime.
You got it, man. You got it.
Vince, the cops think you're cooking.
They wanna bring you in.
No, man. I swear, I was just
hanging out. I don't cook.
Not anymore.
So, your apartment exploded?
Oh, damn, I still had some supplies and a full tank.
Yeah, that'll do it.
But, I saw a flame before it blew.
It came out of the vent.
Before it blew? Are you sure?
They're gonna pin this
on me, man. I can feel it.
It wasn't an accident. The fire. Pirell didn't start it.
And you know this how?
He told me. He said he saw
a flame before the explosion.
Oh well, if the tweaker said so.
Look, inspectors went through the place, alright?
Initial report says the explosion's consistent with a meth lab.
Vince still had chemicals, but he wasn't cooking.
-Alright, the fire was set.
And what makes you think that?
I took this with my phone.
Inside the heating duct of the unit under Vince’s place.
I think it's some kind of timer.
You went to the building?
- Yeah, I didn't touch anything.
It doesn't matter. You shouldn't have
been there. This is a crime scene.
Okay, and you're looking at the crime.
- This could be anything.
Sorry, but I'm not about to step on anyone's toes
based on a blurry picture that I shouldn't even have.
And on the word of some meth cooking tweaker.
Great, okay. Don't step on any toes.
You might end up doing paperwork
on the midnight shift.
Wow, somebody was up all night.
Hey, you knew there was over
350 cases of arson last year?
Yes, I did. We have the second highest rate
of set fires in the area after Buffalo.
I think they were just trying to stay warm, though.
What? I know stuff. Ask me about climate change.
I'm like the Turkish All Gore.
- Look at this.
Five apartment fires downtown
in the past six weeks.
Is this about that crispy dude
we brought in yesterday?
The cops say he blew his meth lab.
They were wrong. I know
Vince. At least I used to.
The cops are just trying to pin it
on him, because it's easy to do.
He didn't do it. So I'm gonna give
him some options. Just in case.
Them? You mean that Detective.
Marks.
- Yeah, Detective Marks.
Hey man, I'm glad you're getting over Olivia, but maybe
you wanna start with somebody that doesn't carry a gun.
All I have is a whole bunch of suspicious fires.
And I have no idea who set them.
Well, Toby, arsony is not something you just pick
up like stripper ****. It's usually repeat offenders.
Arsonists have to register with the cops.
They keep a real close watch on them.
Does that mean you can get
me a list of suspects?
If I know where to look. And I do.
I know a guy in arson who owes
me a favor. He'll take care of it.
Right now, we gotta get to work.
Hi, thank you.
Tom. Oh, you're back so soon.
Yeah, yeah, I tore some stitches up in gym.
Guess I should've taken it
easy for a day or two.
Hey, uh...
You noticed there's been a lot of
apartment fires downtown lately?
Yeah, I guess.
- More than usual?
Actually, you know, some of the guys at the
station were talking about that yesterday.
Yeah? What, did they think it's suspicious?
- Suspicious how?
Like they're being set.
No, man. I mean, I just put out the fires.
The investigators check out all the
hows and why. Why do you ask?
I just thought it was
kinda weird, that's all.
Tom. I'm ready to see you.
So I'll see you later at
the driving evaluations.
Well, uh, good luck.
Try not to get stuck this time, okay?
Thanks. Yeah, thanks.
So, what happened?
- I was working out...
Yeah, yeah. Big deal, oh yeah. Bravo.
Alright, so we're up next.
You ready for this?
Oh yeah. I took this baby down to my uncle
Eppo's garage. Got the whole thing power washed.
I even used some of that new car smell stuff.
Great, so, it's an evaluation.
It's not a truck show.
Yeah, I know. If it was a truck show,
I would've, I would've switched out the rims.
Oh, look who decided to come watch.
Hey, I'm sure it's just breezy conversation
between two colleagues.
Two hot colleagues in their sexual prime.
Oh, and he's going for the number.
And she's giving it, wow!
It's probably just professional courteously.
You know how it is, in case she has
any fire related work questions.
See, look. He scared her off.
She can't get away soon enough.
Is he going for the cutesy callback? Wow, that
is a risky play. That could go either way.
And it's good!
But it's so lame. That is just...
I mean, who does that?
Seriously, I don't think there's
anything to worry about.
Just be cool. It'll be fine.
Mr. Bey, Logan. You're up.
Try not to blow it like yesterday.
I am gonna own this course.
Brilliant.
Absolutely brilliant.
Uncle Eppo power washed the whole vehicle,
but he didn't check the engine?
It would appear that way.
You know, I asked my uncle Eppo to make
it shine. I didn't say power wash the engine.
That's fine, man. Are you in the arsonist registry?
Almost. Let's keep an eye out for Ryder.
I mean, with trouble as it is, if he catches me hacking
the system, I might as well turn in my uniform.
I look good in my uniform.
- Oz, come on.
There it is. Just where
my buddy said to look.
Hey, here's something.
Alright, who's Wade Richter?
It says here he did three years for torching
an unfinished condo. Got out last summer.
Just the basics, but look where he lives.
Yeah, right around the
corner from yesterday’s fire.
Look, all those fires you're looking into
were within ten blocks of his place.
Can you print this?
Voila.
Hey, if this info gets you any action with
that Detective, I want every little detail.
You got it. Thanks, Oz.
I'll settle for a synopsis.
Mrs. Richter.
I'm a friend of Wades, from work.
Is that Levi, Wade’s friend?
Hi. I'm Levi. Maybe he mentioned me?
Oh, yes, off course.
I'm sorry. Wade's not here right now.
That's too bad. I lent Wade my camping stove.
I'm heading up north and I
was hoping I could pick it up.
Sorry, I'm sure I haven't seen it.
I'm planning a little surprise
get-away for my girlfriend...
Such a nice boy.
Can you think of any place
he might be keeping it?
Well, there, there is a place where
Wade works on some of his projects.
Oh!
- Don't move!
The guy's upstairs. Come on.
I said don't move.
You don't want to get him?
What are you doing?
- I followed you.
Me?
Yeah. How'd you know about the timer?
- You found it?
Yeah. I had the fire investigators
take a second look.
They found the timer exactly
where you said it would be.
Alright, so you believe me.
I'm just trying to figure out if you
put it there before or after the fire.
Wow, wow, wow. You think I did it?
Makes sense to me.
A paramedic with a hero complex.
A guy that puts lives in danger so
he can rescue them. Be the big man.
This is insane.
And I'm guessing you have the key to this place right now.
And a very good reason why you're on private property.
Yeah, I was doing your job.
Because you didn't want to take the word
of some tweaker. Who's right, by the way.
Wade Richter, a convicted pyre, lives in the neighborhood.
A few minutes ago he was upstairs,
praying at the altar of Crazy.
Check it out yourself.
You realize, by you being in the building,
that the evidence has been contaminated, right?
Yeah. Yeah, that is, if you decide to tell anyone.
Alright, I'll look into Richter, but I don't want to
see you anywhere near this case, do you hear me?
Loud and clear.
You told that guy to put some
pants on before we got in there.
Oz, he threw his back out.
It's really hard to...
Well, I've got whiplash from
trying not to look at his junk.
Yeah, I saw you look, though.
Maybe I'll get a workman’s comp. Yeah, "mental anguish" waver.
Hey, what happened with that
pyro guy you were looking into?
Well, I gave the cops his name.
They're gonna look into it.
And?
And it's not gonna take them long to realize
that he's the guy that's starting all the fires.
And? Did you make an impression
on Detective Marks?
Come on, give me something.
Well, she showed me her gun.
That's hot.
- Drive.
I got it. Best one they had.
Dude, you didn't have to.
Yeah, I keep my promises.
The inexpensive ones at least.
Hey, if you need anything,
Vic Resources will help you out.
Call people...
- Dude, you know I got no family.
How about a friend? A girl?
No, man, I'm solo.
Heather...
What about Heather?
You mentioned her name a couple
of times when you were out of it.
Oh yeah, it's just a girl I knew.
Okay, I get it. Conquest, no last names.
No man, this girl's alright.
She's the coolest chick I ever met.
So, uh, why isn't she here? What happened?
I got issues, you know. I'm not
the easiest person to be around.
I didn't want to drag her into my screwed
up life. She deserves better, you know?
Yeah, believe me, man. I do.
Besides, I'm sweet, young and sexy.
I don't wanna be tied down.
I could be rocking this bed.
See man, I'm sizzling.
I hear you and it's totally your call. But if you do, change your mind.
You just take my number and call.
Totally confidential. *** office. Just call.
Thank you.
- Okay.
Hey, Kyle.
- Hey.
How are you doing?
- I'm good. How are you?
Good. Uh, I was wondering if you
could find a Heather Wallace?
Uh, who?
She's a friend of Vince Pirells.
She might be a waitress.
Okay, one of his buddies?
- She's someone I think you should talk to.
Great, give me an address, a number.
That's uh, that's all I've got.
Well, listen, man. I just don't think I've got time
to run around town looking for a girl, who uh,
might not exist for a guy who probably
got what he deserved anyway.
I know what you think,
but I don't think Vince did it.
The cops actually think it might be arson.
Come on, man. The guy's in rough shape.
- Well, Toby. I'll do what I can.
And, uh, I just can't promise anything.
Alright, thank you.
- No problem.
How about tonight? "The Matty"?
Finally, some company.
Not very smart, Wade.
Using your uncles old warehouse
as your little art project.
Don't know what you're talking about.
What do you call this?
Therapy. It keeps the urges down.
Most of them.
Officers are searching your warehouse
and your moms place right now.
And I think you know what it is that they're
gonna find. Maybe something like this?
We found it at the torched apartment
in your neighborhood the other day.
I don't know anything about that.
- Oh, I think you do.
'Cause that's exactly like the
one you used in that condo fire.
So you'd hook up one of these to the igniter hidden in the vent
Then you detached a *****.
Really Wade? *****?
That way, when it lights...
Whoosh...
It spreads everywhere.
Plastic melts. Impossible to trace.
When it's done right.
Then you need to be more careful.
'Cause your name's written all over this fire.
Then somebody's trying to set me up.
Right, because you've paid your dues?
Fully recovered? No more urges?
See this timer?
It can't be set anymore than
12 hours in advance.
The day of that fire, I was doing
back to back shifts in Burlington.
Only a half hour for lunch.
There's no way I could've done this.
Check it out.
Hey Tom, we're gonna set up triage across
the street in case there's multiple vics.
I'm afraid I'll do it again.
What are you looking at? Let's go!
Okay, so tonight, we've got options.
"The Riv" has bands.
$10 cover, but they could suck.
"Beverbank" is probably packed, but it's all college girls.
So, it's like
"OMG, LOL. Chat, chat, chat. You like me as a person."
"The Mac", it's all drag queens
and hot girls who like drag queens.
But think about this: There's a distinct advantage
to being the only straight guys in there.
So, that's my little theory, I think.
You know what?
Oz, I'd like to go here.
"The Matty"? What's here?
Okay, pretty nice place.
Hey, hey, check out who it is.
Toby. What are you doing here?
I'm just blowing off some steam, you know.
I thought you were busy tonight?
I was, but...
-Hey.
How's it going?
-  Good.
About to get a lot better.
Wanna join us?
Yeah.
You're driving me crazy. Get lost.
Alright ****. You guys want another round?
I'm in.
- Where's Oz anyway?
I don't know, it looks like he's
working at his next projects.
I should probably stick around
and make sure he's okay.
The search at Richter’s place did not show anything.
- I know.
What about his alibi?
His boss called an hour ago saying he'll sign
an affidavit proving Richter never left.
So why the hell is he still in holding?
- I know he had something to do with it.
The timers, the ****.
The initial report matches his MO perfectly.
Maybe you just don't like to be wrong.
- You know anyone who does?
Cut him loose. Turn it over to Arson.
Anything turns up,
they'll know where to find him.
You know that the cops said that
that fire the other day might be set.
That, uh, it might be
connected to some others.
Oh, yeah?
I mean, I just find that kind of crazy...
That someone would set a fire
that put heroes like you in danger.
If he only knew.
So cowardly to just sit back like that,
knowing that people were gonna get hurt.
I have to finish this now.
Ready to go?
Actually, I've got an early shift, tomorrow.
I should swing by the station.
Can I call you a cab?
- Sure. Whatever.
Good night, Toby.
- Good night.
Hey, good night.
Tom!
Tom, it's me!
Toby.
Where you following me?
I know what you did, man.
I know about the fires.
What the hell are you talking about?
I know you set the fires.
You want to be a big hero.
Yeah, you probably burned this
building too. You're reliving it, man.
You get off on it.
- I didn't start any damn fires!
Then why the hell are you here?
Because this is where it happened.
There was a girl.
Help!
She needed me.
I couldn't move.
You froze.
I'm afraid I'll do it again.
You tell anybody about
this and I'll kick your ass.
Hey.
What do you want, Toby?
- I just wanna say I'm sorry.
Fine, whatever.
No, I saw you with someone
and I acted like an idiot.
Yeah, well you had company.
Yeah, well, for what it's worth,
Tom's probably a good guy.
He's just going through some stuff.
Thanks, but I don't need your approval.
Guess that's true.
Look at that, Kyle found Vince’s ex.
I did, actually. Had to twist his arm,
but he finally coughed up her number.
How did you do that?
I convinced him that,
no matter what he'd done,
how bad he'd messed up in the past,
I'm sure that she cared about him.
Here you go. Thanks.
I'll be out for the rest of the day.
- You got a date?
You're wearing Hugo and a new shirt.
Where are you taking her?
"Susur".
"Susur"? This is what, your third date now?
You've still got Richter’s' file.
Yeah, one last look before I turn it over.
You've got other cases. So move on, Charlie.
Will do. First thing in
the morning, I promise.
Okay.
Okay, we've got one more eval.
Full run through of CPR cardiac arrest
for choking. Should be easy, peasy.
We do this by the book, no improvising.
Alright.
We've got an hour till Ryder
shows up to run through this stuff.
It'll be a piece of cake.
- Sounds good, man.
Hey, are you with me on this, or what?
Dude, you're not even dressed.
Hey, we need this one. Otherwise we're
gonna be manning the geriatric rickshaw.
Sorry, man. I was just thinking about Vince.
You know, growing up in foster care.
A few different choices,
that could've been me in the hospital.
Yeah, but you made the right choices. He didn't.
Eventually people get what's coming to them.
Sorry, I know you knew the dude. But you play
with meth, you're gonna get burned.
Sometimes innocent victims
aren't so innocent.
Probably got what he deserved anyway.
Hey, Toby. How are you?
Good, Ray. What are you doing here?
- I had a consultation in the hospital.
Hey, actually, I could use a consultation myself.
- Uhuh, what's bothering you?
Well, I've been getting a lot of weird hits lately.
What do you know about arsonists?
Serial arsonists.
- Well, they have their own profile.
Often male, under stress,
difficulty forming relationships,
Need for empowerment.
- Well, how does that work?
They like the attention, the excitement.
And some of them do it because they
actually think they're making things better.
They're improving things?
- Fire clears the undergrowth.
Probably our first weapon after the club.
Thanks, Ray.
You know where to find me.
Hey, where are you going?
- I gotta go check something out.
You'll be back in an hour though, right?
Kyle.
Hey.
How did you know I was here?
The hospital told me you moved.
Just put the knife down, alright? It's over.
It's not over.
It'll never be over.
But, what would you know? All these victims.
You just bring them in and drop them off.
You don't know anything about them. I know.
Vics like Tyler Moss. This fifteen year
old kid. Smart, he's pretty funny.
Walking home, he was run
over by a drunk driver.
He's paralyzed from the neck down.
Same day, Sara Martin...
Stabbed in the stomach by her boyfriend.
She didn't wanna press charges because
she didn't want him to get in trouble.
Yeah, a month later she's dead.
There's complications.
There are hundreds and hundreds.
All these people, beaten and
robbed, raped by their loved ones.
Again and again. And well,
you know what happens.
Nothing.
- Nothing.
There's no charges. No arrests.
Nothing that even comes close to justice.
We can get you help.
Oh, no. I, I, I, I'm not the one that needs help.
They're the ones who need help.
I'm not gonna be the one who just
sits around anymore and listens.
But you hurt those people, Kyle.
- Only the ones who needed to pay.
That's not up to you. It's not.
No. I had to do it.
And I've done it again.
There's another one?
Where is it, Kyle?
People need to pay!
Kyle!
Back up, people! People back up!
Clear the area, please. Thank you.
Oz.
- Toby, where the hell are you?
Ryder's all over my ass over here.
Oz, where's that building
with the red-blue carpet?
What? What carpet?
You know, the one that, the carpet that made
you dizzy when we picked up that cardiac arrest?
Okay, meet me there
with the rig and call Fire.
Logan! What the hell is going on?
We've got to get everyone out of here.
There's gonna be another fire.
I'll go to the top floor,
start getting people out of here.
Hello!
Hey!
Don't move! Stay there!
Toby. Come on, let's go.
There's a girl down the hall.
I got this.
Let's go.
There you go.
Vince, are you sure you've
got a place to stay?
He's gonna be crashing with
me 'till he finds a place.
I have a really comfy couch for him.
Well, it looks like the cops are off my ass, so I'll be
getting some insurance money out of this whole thing.
That's good, 'cause next time
we go out, drinks are on you.
You got it. Thanks, man.
Sure.
- I'll call you.
Yeah, I look forward to it. Take care
of yourself. Take care of her too, alright?
Hey.
- Hey.
What are you doing here?
I thought you might want to know that
we connected Kyle to five more fires.
Oh, yeah?
- Yeah.
It seems the target in each case was
someone we had arrested before
but just couldn't put a case against them.
Kind of like your buddy, Vince Pirell.
That's messed up.
Guess you're not the only one who thought
the police couldn't do their work.
So, tell me, how did you know about that last fire?
I could smell the smoke.
You were just walking by. You could smell it.
Yeah, I was walking by.
Next time, call the fire department.
www.tvsubtitles.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org